#58 Attachments To Geo (#68)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/muscle.md

| Name | Type | Default | Animatable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :------ | :--------- | :---------- |
| **Debug**       | Boolean      | False         | ✓ | Enable or Disable the debug functionalities in the viewport for the AdnMuscle deformer. |

> | **Feature**     | Enumerator   | Muscle Fibers | ✓ | A list of debuggable features for this deformer. <ul><li>Attachments To Geometry: Draw *Attachment To Geometry Constraints* connections from the simulated mesh to the geometry targets.</li><li>Attachments To Transform: Draw *Attachment To Transform Constraints* connections from the simulated mesh to the transform targets.</li><li>Muscle Fibers: Draw *Muscle Fibers* fiber directions on the simulated mesh's surface.</li><li>Slide On Segment: Draw *Slide On Segment* connections from the simulated mesh to the segment the simulated mesh is sliding on.</li> |

Author: Agree

| Name | Type | Default | Animatable | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :------ | :--------- | :---------- |
| **Attenuation Matrix**           | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | Transformation matrix to drive the attenuation. |

> | **Attachment Matrix**            | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | List of transform attachment matrices  (from a compound attribute) used for setting up transform attachments. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Attachment Matrix**            | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | List of transform attachment matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up transform attachments. |
```

Author: Done!

| **Slide On Segment Root Matrix** | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | List of root matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up segments of slide on segment constraints. |
| **Slide On Segment Tip Matrix**  | Matrix | Identity | ✓ | List of tip matrices (from a compound attribute) used for setting up segments of slide on segment constraints. |

> | **Target World Mesh**            | Mesh   |          | ✗ | List of geometry attachment meshes (from a compound attribute) used for setting up attachments to geometries. |

Reviewer: Question. Why is this attribute marked as non animatable?

Author: I missed this one probably from copy pasting.

| Name | Default | Description |
| :--- | :------ | :---------- |
| **Attachments To Transform**     | 0.0             | Weight to indicate the influence of each transform attachment at each vertex of the muscle. |

> | **Attachments To Geometry**      | 0.0             | Weight to indicate the influence of each geometry attachment at each vertex of the muscle. |

Reviewer: This is just a thought. It might be worth to mention when an attribute is multi-influence or not

Author: Should we do it in the description or adding another column?

Reviewer: Maybe to not add too much complexity in the Description instead of `Weight..` we could say `Multi-influence weight...`. Do you agree!

Author: Love it!

| **Slide on Segment Constraints** | 0.0             | Weight to force vertices to displace only in the direction of a user-specified group of segments. |
| **Stretching Resistance**        | 1.0             | Force to correct the edge lengths if the current length is greater than the rest length. A higher value represents higher correction. |
| **Tendons**                      | 0.0             | Floating values to indicate the source of the muscle fibers. The solver will use that information to make an estimation of the fiber direction at each vertex. It is recommended to set a value of 1.0 wherever the tendinous tissue would be in an anatomically realistic muscle and a value of 0.0 in the rest of the mesh. |

<figure>
  <img src="images/muscle_w_att.png">
  <figcaption><b>Figure 4</b>: Example of attachments to transform weights painted on a biceps with 4 transform targets.</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure>
  <img src="images/muscle_w_att_geo.png">
  <figcaption><b>Figure 5</b>: Example of attachments to geometry weights painted on a biceps with 4 geometry targets.</figcaption>

> </figure>

Reviewer: It would have been cool to show also the targets together with the painting so it's more obvious. Let's be smart and maybe we can redo them if we have time at the end. Leave them as they are

Author: Done! This way is aligned with the slide screenshot.

To enable the debugger the *Debug* checkbox must be marked. To select the specific feature to be visualized, choose it from the list provided in *Features*. The features that can be visualized with the debugger in the AdnMuscle deformer are:

>  - **Attachments To Geometry**: For each vertex with a geometry attachment constraint weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh vertex to its respective geometry target closest point on rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Attachments To Geometry**: For each vertex with a geometry attachment constraint weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh vertex to its respective geometry target closest point at rest.
```

Author: Done

 - **Attachments To Transform**: For each vertex with a transform attachment constraint weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh vertex to its respective transform target.
 - **Muscle Fibers**: For each vertex, a line will be drawn showing the direction of the muscle fibers.

>  - **Slide on Segment Constraints**: For each vertex with a slide on segment weight greater than 0.0, a line will be drawn from the mesh vertex to the closest point to its respective segment.

Author: The thing here in specifically is that we should follow the naming at the debug feature widget.
![image](https://github.com/Inbibo/adonisfx_docs/assets/122789418/b1c4ae25-0b26-4e8f-926b-49942f7200ac)
So, what I'm gonna do is remove "constraints" from slide on segment.

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnMuscle debug](images/muscle_debug.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 9</b>: AdnMuscle debug features. From left to right: Muscle Fibers, Attachment To Transform Constraints, Slide On Segment Constraints, Attachment To Geometry Constraints and Slide On Geometry Constraints.</figcaption>
</figure>

## Advanced

### Targets

> Once the AdnMuscle deformer is created, it is possible to add and remove new targets to the system. Targets that are joints, locators, etc. will be treated as transform targets. In the other hand, mesh nodes will be considered geometry targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the AdnMuscle deformer is created, it is possible to add and remove new targets to the system. Targets that are transform based like joints and locators will be treated as transform targets. Targets that are mesh based will be considered as geometry targets.
```

Author: Like it!

- **Add targets**:
    1. Select the transform or mesh nodes (one or more) to be assigned as targets to the AdnMuscle.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.
    3. Press the ![Add Targets button](images/adn_add_target.png){style="width:4%"} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Add Targets* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu.
- **Remove targets**:
    1. Select one or more transform or mesh nodes that are assigned as targets to the AdnMuscle.
    2. Select the mesh that has the AdnMuscle deformer applied.
    3. Press the ![Remove Targets button](images/adn_remove_target.png){style="width:4%"} button in the AdonisFX shelf or press *Remove Targets* in the AdonisFX menu from the Edit Muscle submenu. 

>     4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing the ![Remove Targets button](images/adn_remove_target.png){style="width:4%"} button, all targets will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Alternatively, if only the mesh with the AdnMuscle deformer is selected, when pressing the ![Remove Targets button](images/adn_remove_target.png){style="width:4%"} button, all targets will be removed (transform and mesh targets).
```

Reviewer: All these comments in muscle apply also to ribbon

Author: Done
